# Fly-India-
Features of our Application: Fly India is an application showing details of Departure and Arrival Flights with flight number, date, depart &amp;amp; arrive time and terminal. User can check there flight details, flight Status of booked ticket through their Ticket PNR Number. Airport Services: In our application we have provided Map, Wi-Fi, Transport, Parking, Rest &amp;amp; Relax, Special Assistance services for each airport. FAQs about Airport: It contain the various frequently asked questions and their responses related to the different areas of civil aviation .User can check Frequently Asked Questions regarding Airport Services like Baggage, License, Passengers, Security and Special Need. Feedback, Suggestion, Complain: Passengers can suggest or complain about the Airport Services and can also send feedback to improve the services through this feature. The various grievances raised by aviation passengers on the AirSewa portal Cabs: User can directly book there cab drives using our application on OLA and UBER cabs services. Weather Service: Showing weather of user current location. Health Advice: Our application provides general precaution user must know while travelling in flight. Travel Guide: This feature gives tips for a safe flight to passenger &amp;amp; some travel tips in India, also Simple Hindi terms. Passport: All the Quires about passport and VISA like VISA fees, VISA Extension, VISA on arrival etc. Customs: This feature gives all the details regarding airport customs. There are some useful links in our Application FLY INDIA (Such as Offers regarding to flight booking on different airlines, food booking, and flight news)
